---
layout: post
title: Setting up your Wacom One Cintiq 
date: June 23, 2020
--- 
#### To properly work on your assignments, you will need a digital drawing tablet.  The Animation department recommends the “Wacom One” it is an entry level screen-based drawing tablet that is specially priced for Sheridan Animation students. A link will be provided to you so that you can purchase the tablet at this price.  Below are instructions to set up the Wacom One tablet.         

You will first need an HDMI port on your computer to complete step one.  If your computer does not have an HDMI port, you will have to purchase an adapter that has a male connection to your computer and a Female HDMI connection.  below is a list of adapters that may work for you home set up.  
* Male DVI to Female HDMI  
* Male Display Port to Female HDMI 
* Male Thunderbolt (mac) to Female HDMI 
* Male USB-C to Female HDMI  

You will also need an available standard USB port on your computer.  You may have to purchase a USB hub if your laptop only supports USB-C.   

The Cintiq also requires a USB port with the output power of (5 volts === 2.0A 10.0W). Make sure that you have a spare outlet for you included power adapter or USB port of the same power output available.    

### **Installing the Wacom driver** 

Once the Cintiq is connected properly you will have to install the driver.  Go to:  
#### [Wacom Drivers](https://www.wacom.com/en-us/support/product-support/drivers)   

Search for “Wacom One” then download and install the driver that will work with your operating system.  

Note: When installing Wacom drivers on a Mac computer you may need to unlock your security settings to allow installation.  To do this follow these steps  
* Click the System Preferences icon in the Dock.  
* Choose the Security icon  
* Click the Lock icon in the bottom left corner.   
* To unlock, type an administrator name and password.  
* Click Unlock.  
* Click the Close button.  

 Once you have the drivers installed your tablet will be ready to use.  Take time to go to the Wacom One properties to calibrate and customizes the controls to your needs. More information on these settings can be found here.<br>
#### [Wacom Properties](https://101.wacom.com/UserHelp/en/ControlPanel.htm) 

