---
layout: post
title: NEW Industry Day 2021 Help Resources  
date: April 20, 2021
---

#### This is a technical help resource for Industry Day 2021  
#### If you have any question or concerns, feel free to contact.  Banimationtechs@sheridancollege.ca 

<br>  
<br>  

#### Table of contense 

* Industry Day App FAQ  
* Hopin navigation for industry guest  
* Hopin navigation for attendees  



#### Industry Day App FAQ for industry guest
#### How to use the Industry Day App

1. How can I create a new Position-profile?  
When you log into the Sheridan Industry Day app for the first time you will be brought to a position profile page. On this page you can create profiles for different positions that you wish to find candidates for. You can also return to the Position profiles page by selecting the Profile Drop-down menu and selecting the “Manage profiles” option. 

2. How can I filter and search the films?  
To find the right candidates for the positions you are hiring for you can filter the student films by Pipeline, Specialties and search by the Student-name or Film-name. The search bars are found at the top of the Student Films area of the sites home page. 

3. How can I create a Watchlist?  
Each profile you create enables you to build and save a watchlist for films to be reviewed. You can add and subtract from the watchlist but suing the “+” and “–“ icons located at the bottom left corner of the film's poster Image. 

4. How can I see the Film and Film-makers information?
To access the Film and Film-makers information select the “i” icon to the bottom right of the film's poster image. 

5. How can I contact a student filmmaker?  
Near the bottom of the information card there are selectable social media icons, as well as a portfolio link to direct you to the contact information of the student filmmaker. 


#### hopin navigation for industry guest
#### How to use Hopin Sessions & Expo Booths

Sessions  
Once Sessions are live on the left side panel, attendees can join a specific Session in one of two modes: watching or participating.  
Watching is simple – just join any Session and watch the Speakers talk or engage in a dedicated Session chat on the right-side panel.  
To participate – They click Share audio and Video or Ask to Share Audio and Video indicating that they would like to participate on screen — people will be able to see and hear them in the session.  

Expo Booths  
If a fallback provider was set in your booth, you can toggle between video and the live session.  
IMG

Be sure to toggle OFF the live session before you leave your booth so the static content remains for the duration of the event. 
IMG

Presenting in your Session / Expo Booth  
For Expo Booths you will have to toggle to LIVE, for Sessions you only have the option to present live.

Click Share Audio and Video - Make sure you have given permissions for Hopin to use your camera and microphone.  And that all other programs that use these are off (ex. Microsoft Teams / WebEx)

You will appear directly on screen if you are in your Moderated Session, in all other areas, and for attendees, when they request to share their audio and video in a live Session / Expo Booth, you will see their name pop up in the Moderation panel at the bottom of the screen.
  
IMG

Presenting in your Session / Expo Booth continued

Chat  
Each session / expo booth has its own group chat, separate from the event-wide chat. As a viewer, you can interact with the people who are in the session / expo booth via chat using the Session chat or Expo Booth chat. This is a great place to ask questions and engage with people on-camera when you do not want to be on-camera yourself. 

Number of Participants  
Session:  
Up to 20 on screen (including a screen share), up to 500 watching  
  
Expo Booth:  
Up to 10 on screen (including a screen share), up to 500 watching  
  

Managing the Expo Booth  
Since a fallback provider was set in your booth, you can toggle between video and the live session.  

When the pre-recorded content (Google Slides / YouTube / Vimeo is on), simply monitor the Booth chat. 
Throughout the day you can say hello to your booth visitors and answer any questions they may have, by using the chat section.  

During the live expo times, when you enter the booth, you can click the Share Audio and Video button to go on live camera.  

Be sure to toggle OFF the live session before you leave your booth so the static content remains for the duration of the event. 

IMG

Sessions  
The number of people speaking/max number allowed on screen and the number of people watching the Session will be displayed at the top of the screen. 

IMG

Once you are on screen, you will have the following Speaker controls in the bottom centre.

IMG

As a moderator you will allow participants to join on screen or simply view your presentation.

You can also click Leave at the top right corner to leave the Session at any time. (This will just stop your sharing of Audio and Video but you will still hear and see the rest of the presentation.)

Moderators in Sessions can share a Chrome tab with sound on.  Just make sure the sound starts playing before you share the screen.

IMG

Sharing a Google Slides presentation or playing a video in a browser tab with sound can be supported on the latest version of Google Chrome browser.  

IMG


#### Hopin navigation for attendees
#### How to use Hopin as an attendee

The five areas of Hopin  
There are five areas of Hopin – Reception, Stage, Sessions, Networking and Expo. Each area is flexible and provides live interaction in different ways.  
  
Reception  
The Reception area is the information hub and a venue’s lobby. The other areas (segments) in the venue are on the left sidebar including Stage, Sessions, Networking and Expo. 
  
Stage  
This is the main presentation screen area used for panels, presentations and keynote address’. Communication in this area is limited to the stage chat. 
  
Sessions  
Sessions will appear in the event schedule. You can request to join the conversation with audio/video however please note that it will be up to the Session leader/moderator to decide if and when that interaction is possible.  Due to the number of presentations and limited time there may not be time within all of the sessions for a live Q&A. With that being a definitely possibility, please be sure to post your questions in the session chat for follow up after the close of the event.  
  
Networking  
Networking on Hopin is like a one-on-one FaceTime call. When an attendee participates in Networking,  they are matched with a random attendee and will meet for a pre-set time. There is a countdown clock indicating how much time is left.  When you come close to the end of the pre-set time, you will have the option to extend the session and the person you are chatting with can choose to accept or decline. Please note that attendees can click the Connect button any time during a call to exchange contact information. 
  
Expo  
The Expo area is the virtual exhibitor hall in your event.  You can visit this area at any time through the event.  When the Expo’s are live they function as a Session.  You can request to join the conversation with audio/video however please note that it will be up to the Expo leader/moderator to decide if and when that interaction is possible.  
  
Chats  
Be mindful of which chat you are in and that chats are visible to anyone within that session at that time. Event chats are visible from any area of the event. 
  
There are multiple chat channels in online event on Hopin platform. Each one serves a different purpose.  
Event chat — global event chat where all participants can post messages. All event updates for the day will be posted and available here.  
Stage chat — chat with a Stage-related discussion all attendees have access to.  
Session and Expo chats — each session in “Sessions” and “Expo” has a dedicated chat room.  Attendees who are in this space can chat with anyone else in that same space.   
Direct messages — anyone can send messages to an individual at an event on Hopin via DMs in the People tab. To send a DM, find the person you wish to chat with in the People tab, click their profile photo, and send a direct message to them.  
   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRBVbUCNTTg
