---
layout: post
title: Installing Toon Boom Harmony and Story Board Pro  
date: June 20, 2020
--- 
To install Toon Boom Harmony and Toon Boom Story Board Pro go to  
[https://store.toonboom.com/coe](https://store.toonboom.com/coe)   
<br>
* First, you will have to create a Toon Boom user account with your Sheridan E-mail address.  
<br>
* Select the “join now” link to fill in your details.  Please make sure you fill out the details correctly.  
<br>
* E-mail: Sheridan E-mail address (username@sheridancollege.ca)  
* Member Profile: Student  
* School: Sheridan College  
<br>
Once you have created an account on the Toon Boom website with your Sheridan E-mail return to [Store.ToonBoom.com/coe](https://store.toonboom.com/coe) and sign in with your Toon Boom Username and Password.   
<br>
Follow the steps/directions to activate the free desktop subscription  
<br>
Download both Toon Boom Harmony and Toon Boom Stry board Pro and install the software.  
<br>
Note: When installing Wacom drivers on a Mac computer you may need to unlock your security settings to allow installation.  To do this follow these steps  
<br>
* Click the System Preferences icon in the Dock.  
* Choose the Security icon  
* Click the Lock icon in the bottom left corner.   
* To unlock, type an administrator name and password.  
* Click Unlock.  
* Click the Close button.  

<br>

* When the InstallShield Wizard appears select Next  
<br>
* Check "I Accept the terms in the license agreement" and select Next again  
<br>
* Select "next" to the default installation path  
<br>
At the Installation Type menu choose the Standalone option.  The Complete option only enables the Network features and are not needed for your classes.  
<br>
finally select the Install button and wait for the installation to complete.  
<br>
before you select the Finish button it is recommended that you install QuickTime 7 by selecting the Install QuickTime 7 button  
<br>
selecting the Install QuicktTime 7 option with open up your web browser. to [support.apple.com](https://support.apple.com/kb/DL837?locale=en_CA)  
<br>
Download and install QuickTime  
NOTE: This may only be necessary for Windows users.  
<br>
When QuickTime is installed select the Fishing button on the ToonBoom installation window to complete the installation.  
<br>
The last step is to Activate your Toon Boom software.  
<br>
first open your newly installed software by selecting the desktop icon.  
<br> 
When the Toon Boom Activation Wizard appears select the second option that is "Activate now"  
<br>
Now simply Sign in with your Toon Boom ID to activate your software.   


 